{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red124\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8540\viewh10620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Chain\cf0 Shot
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f2 \cf0 Mihai Parparita\
\cf3 \ul http://www.mscape.com/\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf3 \ul mihai@mscape.com\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f3\b\fs28 Introduction
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\
	ChainShot is a simple puzzle game in which the object is to remove connected pieces of the same color such that the playing field is eventually cleared. It features multiple difficulty levels and board sizes to keep things interesting. ChainShot was originally an ASCII-based game released in 1985 by Kuniaki Moribe, and then introduced to the Mac as a desk accessory in 1992 by K&M Software. It has now been brought into the world of Mac OS X and Aqua so that future generations can also enjoy this addictive little game.\
\

\f3\b\fs28 Requirements
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\
\'a5 Konfabulator 1.0\
\'a5\'caMac OS X 10.2\
\

\f3\b\fs28 Usage
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\
	Start playing by clicking on connected pieces of the same color. They will be removed from the playing field, and the remaining ones will slide down and to the left, possibly setting up new connections. Repeat this until no moves are possible. The trick is to remove pieces in such a way as to bring previously isolated pieces in contact with other ones of the same color, such that they can be removed as well. Once you have completed a game, you can start a new one by clicking on the "Restart" button in the lower left corner. Immediately adjacent to it is a "Stats" button that lets you see your past performances on various difficulty and board size settings. These settings can be changed from the widget preferences dialog, accessible by control-clicking or right-clicking anywhere on the widget.\
\

\f3\b\fs28 Version History
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\
1.0 
\f4\i February 10, 2003\

\f2\i0 \'a5 Initial Release}